TELCODOCS#1889: Size info for LVMS (#78981)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-about-lvmcluster-cr.adoc

To disable over-provisioning, set this field to 1.

|`thinPoolConfig.chunkSize`
|`integer`

> |Specifies the statically calculated chunk size for the thin pool. It is used only when the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`. The value for this field must be configured in the range 64 KiB to 1 GiB due to the underlying limitations of `lvm2`. 

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> |Specifies the statically calculated chunk size for the thin pool. It is used only when the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`. The value for this field must be configured in the range 64 KiB to 1 GiB due to the underlying limitations of `lvm2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the statically calculated chunk size for the thin pool. The field is only used when the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`. The value for this field must be configured in the range of 64 KiB to 1 GiB because of the underlying limitations of `lvm2`. 
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> If this field is not configured, and the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`, the default chunk size is `128KiB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this field is not configured and the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`, the default chunk size is set to `128KiB`.
```

Reviewer: You could remove the passive voice by stating "you" and this moves any ambigousy away. Unless some OCP component sets the value for the field and not a product user? This would align with the style voice for the next field.

Author: Updated as follows:
"If you do not configure this field and the `ChunkSizeCalculationPolicy` field is set to `Static`, the default chunk size is set to 128 KiB."

For more information, see "Overview of chunk size".

|`thinPoolConfig.chunkSizeCalculationPolicy`
|`string`
|Specifies the policy to calculate the chunk size for the underlying volume group. You can set this field to either `Static` or `Host`. By default, this field is set to `Static`. 

> If this field is set to `Static`, the chunk size is set to the value of the `chunkSize` field. If the `chunkSize` field is not configured, chunk size is set to 128 KiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this field is set to `Static`, the chunk size is set to the value of the `chunkSize` field. If the `chunkSize` field is not configured, chunk size is set to `128 KiB`.
```

Previous example states `128KiB`, so does the value need the units and is there a space between the value and the unit?
